Come and eat fruit
Mom, although you have been discharged from the hospital
But try to go out as little as possible during this time
Take care of your body first
My body, my heart knows
Oh, by the way, how are Miss Xia's eyes?
Miss Xia disguised herself as a blind person
It's better not to let my mom know
Mom
I already operated on him.
His eyes have now regained their sight
Really ouch
This Miss Xia is kind-hearted and kind-hearted
Good people are rewarded
Right? I have one more thing to tell you.
So what's up?
Miss Xia has divorced
And the shares in his hands
Bought by his ex-husband at a low price
That's great.
Miss Xia loses shares in the company
What's there to be happy about? You don't understand.
Mom is happy that Miss Xia has divorced
Divorce is not a good thing either
What's there to be happy about?
Gorgeous
Miss Xia is younger than you
Married for several years
You are so 30 people who don't even have a girlfriend
I'm too busy with work.
No time for girlfriends
Gorgeous
You grew up surrounded by so many girls
But you are fine
Busy with research every day
Write a dissertation
Treat those girls like air
Mom still wants to hold her grandson earlier
Mom, you have a son, what grandson do you want?
Serious point
Mom has a very good candidate by her side
How about you two cultivate a relationship
I remember I hadn't finished my paper yet
Mom, I'm going to work first
Thank you mom you kid